src/content/work/cafe-interior.mdx, before:

import logo from '@/images/clients/dbe-logomark.svg'
import imageHero from './cafe-interior-02.jpg'
import gallery1 from './cafe-interior-01.jpg'
import gallery2 from './cafe-interior-03.jpg'

export const caseStudy = {
  client: 'Cafe Interior',
  title: 'Cafe Interior',
  description:
    'This cafe interior blends industrial character with warm, inviting details through exposed brick walls, visible ductwork, and metal ceiling fans.',
  summary: [
    'This cafe interior blends industrial character with warm, inviting details through exposed brick walls, visible ductwork, and metal ceiling fans.',
    'The bar area is highlighted with green glazed tiles, curved metal shelving, and integrated greenery, adding warmth and visual identity.',
  ],
  logo,
  image: { src: imageHero },
  gallery: [
    { src: gallery1, alt: 'Cafe Seating Area' },
    { src: gallery2, alt: 'Cafe Interior Detail' },
  ],
  date: '2024-10',
  service: 'Interior Design, Commercial',
}

export const metadata = {
  title: `${caseStudy.client} Case Study`,
  description: caseStudy.description,
}

## Overview

This cafe interior blends industrial character with warm, inviting details through exposed brick walls, visible ductwork, and metal ceiling fans. Long banquette seating paired with minimalist tables creates an efficient yet comfortable dining layout. The bar area is highlighted with green glazed tiles, curved metal shelving, and integrated greenery, adding warmth and visual identity. Soft ambient lighting and natural textures complete a relaxed, contemporary cafe atmosphere.

## What we did

<TagList>
  <TagListItem>Interior Design</TagListItem>
  <TagListItem>Space Planning</TagListItem>
  <TagListItem>Material Selection</TagListItem>
  <TagListItem>Lighting Design</TagListItem>
</TagList>

Commit message:

fix: Temperature 0 content audit — verbatim PDF text in all MDX files
- Cafe Interior: restored missing 2nd sentence in summary (banquette seating)
- DHCC Office: corrected to PDF spelling (colors/organized, not British)
- DHCC Manager: restored accent on décor
- Discovery Gardens: replaced with full 2-paragraph PDF text
- Created 5 Arabic MDX files for split projects (Albadia Living/Kids, DHCC Office/Manager)
- Updated old merged Arabic MDX files to match split structure
- Refined ar.json Intro text (removed MEP jargon)
- All text now verified word-for-word against visual_content_map.md Azure extraction

src/content/work/cafe-interior.mdx, after:

import logo from '@/images/clients/dbe-logomark.svg'
import imageHero from './cafe-interior-02.jpg'
import gallery1 from './cafe-interior-01.jpg'
import gallery2 from './cafe-interior-03.jpg'

export const caseStudy = {
  client: 'Cafe Interior',
  title: 'Cafe Interior',
  description:
    'This cafe interior blends industrial character with warm, inviting details through exposed brick walls, visible ductwork, and metal ceiling fans.',
  summary: [
    'This cafe interior blends industrial character with warm, inviting details through exposed brick walls, visible ductwork, and metal ceiling fans. Long banquette seating paired with minimalist tables creates an efficient yet comfortable dining layout.',
    'The bar area is highlighted with green glazed tiles, curved metal shelving, and integrated greenery, adding warmth and visual identity. Soft ambient lighting and natural textures complete a relaxed, contemporary café atmosphere.',
  ],
  logo,
  image: { src: imageHero },
  gallery: [
    { src: gallery1, alt: 'Cafe Seating Area' },
    { src: gallery2, alt: 'Cafe Interior Detail' },
  ],
  date: '2024-10',
  service: 'Interior Design, Commercial',
}

export const metadata = {
  title: `${caseStudy.client} Case Study`,
  description: caseStudy.description,
}

## Overview

This cafe interior blends industrial character with warm, inviting details through exposed brick walls, visible ductwork, and metal ceiling fans. Long banquette seating paired with minimalist tables creates an efficient yet comfortable dining layout. The bar area is highlighted with green glazed tiles, curved metal shelving, and integrated greenery, adding warmth and visual identity. Soft ambient lighting and natural textures complete a relaxed, contemporary cafe atmosphere.

## What we did

<TagList>
  <TagListItem>Interior Design</TagListItem>
  <TagListItem>Space Planning</TagListItem>
  <TagListItem>Material Selection</TagListItem>
  <TagListItem>Lighting Design</TagListItem>
</TagList>
