src/content/work/discovery-gardens-salon.mdx, before:

import logo from '@/images/clients/dbe-logomark.svg'
import imageHero from './discovery-gardens-salon-01.jpg'

export const caseStudy = {
  client: 'Discovery Gardens Salon',
  title: 'Discovery Gardens Beauty Salon',
  description:
    'This beauty salon combines clean contemporary lines with warm organic accents to create a calm and uplifting atmosphere.',
  summary: [
    'This beauty salon combines clean contemporary lines with warm organic accents to create a calm and uplifting atmosphere.',
    'The design prioritises comfort, efficiency, and visual appeal, supporting a premium client experience from entrance to treatment.',
  ],
  logo,
  image: { src: imageHero },
  date: '2024-02',
  service: 'Interior Design, Commercial',
}

export const metadata = {
  title: `${caseStudy.client} Case Study`,
  description: caseStudy.description,
}

## Overview

This beauty salon combines clean contemporary lines with warm organic accents to create a calm and uplifting atmosphere. The design prioritises comfort, efficiency, and visual appeal, supporting a premium client experience from entrance to treatment.

## What we did

<TagList>
  <TagListItem>Interior Design</TagListItem>
  <TagListItem>Space Planning</TagListItem>
  <TagListItem>Material Selection</TagListItem>
  <TagListItem>Lighting Design</TagListItem>
</TagList>

Commit message:

fix: Temperature 0 content audit — verbatim PDF text in all MDX files
- Cafe Interior: restored missing 2nd sentence in summary (banquette seating)
- DHCC Office: corrected to PDF spelling (colors/organized, not British)
- DHCC Manager: restored accent on décor
- Discovery Gardens: replaced with full 2-paragraph PDF text
- Created 5 Arabic MDX files for split projects (Albadia Living/Kids, DHCC Office/Manager)
- Updated old merged Arabic MDX files to match split structure
- Refined ar.json Intro text (removed MEP jargon)
- All text now verified word-for-word against visual_content_map.md Azure extraction

src/content/work/discovery-gardens-salon.mdx, after:

import logo from '@/images/clients/dbe-logomark.svg'
import imageHero from './discovery-gardens-salon-01.jpg'

export const caseStudy = {
  client: 'Discovery Gardens Salon',
  title: 'Discovery Gardens Beauty Salon',
  description:
    'The design concept is inspired by creating a calm, feminine, and luxurious retreat where clients feel relaxed, pampered, and confident.',
  summary: [
    'The design concept is inspired by creating a calm, feminine, and luxurious retreat where clients feel relaxed, pampered, and confident. Soft arches, warm neutral tones, and natural textures are used to create a welcoming and intimate atmosphere.',
    'Blush and deep rose accents are balanced with warm wood flooring and subtle gold details, adding a sense of elegance without overwhelming the space. Feature wall murals introduce a natural, organic touch, enhancing the feeling of serenity and escape.',
  ],
  logo,
  image: { src: imageHero },
  date: '2024-02',
  service: 'Interior Design, Commercial',
}

export const metadata = {
  title: `${caseStudy.client} Case Study`,
  description: caseStudy.description,
}

## Overview

The design concept is inspired by creating a calm, feminine, and luxurious retreat where clients feel relaxed, pampered, and confident. Soft arches, warm neutral tones, and natural textures are used to create a welcoming and intimate atmosphere.

Blush and deep rose accents are balanced with warm wood flooring and subtle gold details, adding a sense of elegance without overwhelming the space. Feature wall murals introduce a natural, organic touch, enhancing the feeling of serenity and escape.

## What we did

<TagList>
  <TagListItem>Interior Design</TagListItem>
  <TagListItem>Space Planning</TagListItem>
  <TagListItem>Material Selection</TagListItem>
  <TagListItem>Lighting Design</TagListItem>
</TagList>
